capital = 835

oob = "AUS_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = AUS_viktoria
recruit_character = AUS_louis_ferdinand
recruit_character = AUS_von_lettow_vorbeck
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 28
	fascism = 60
	democratic = 12
	communism = 0
}

set_stability = 0.9